Create 2025-04-07-br-free-ga-playwright.mdx (#21407)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/changelog/browser-rendering/2025-04-07-br-free-ga-playwright.mdx

---

> title: REST API is Generally Available, with new endpoints and a free tier 

Reviewer: seems like title should say Browser Rendering in it?

Author: added in title

description: Browser Rendering updates - free tier and REST API GA with new endpoints
products:
  - browser-rendering
date: 2025-04-07T6:00:00Z
hidden: true
---

> Today, we’re excited to announce Browser Rendering is now available on the [Workers Free plan](https://www.cloudflare.com/plans/developer-platform/), making it even easier to experiment with your use cases. See [limits here](/browser-rendering/platform/limits/).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We’re excited to announce Browser Rendering is now available on the [Workers Free plan](https://www.cloudflare.com/plans/developer-platform/), making it even easier to prototype and experiment with web search and headless browser use-cases when building applications on Workers.
```

> Additionally, our **[REST API](/browser-rendering/rest-api/) is now Generally Available** - and it’s better than ever! We’ve added three new endpoints to help automate more browser tasks: 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Browser Rendering **[REST API](/browser-rendering/rest-api/) is now Generally Available**, allowing you to control browser instances from outside of Workers applications. We've added three new endpoints to help automate more browser tasks:
```

- **Extract structured data** – Use `/json` to retrieve structured data from a webpage.
- **Retrieve links** – Use `/links` to pull all links from a webpage.
- **Convert to Markdown** – Use `/markdown` to convert webpage content into Markdown format.

For example, to fetch the Markdown representation of a webpage:

```bash title="Markdown example"
curl -X 'POST' 'https://api.cloudflare.com/client/v4/accounts/<accountId>/browser-rendering/markdown' \
  -H 'Content-Type: application/json' \
  -H 'Authorization: Bearer <apiToken>' \
  -d '{
    "url": "https://example.com"
  }'

```

For the full list of endpoints, check out our [REST API documentation](/browser-rendering/rest-api/).

> In case you missed it last week, you can now also leverage [Playwright](/browser-rendering/platform/playwright/) for browser automation from Cloudflare [Workers](/workers/), in addition to [Puppeteer](/browser-rendering/platform/puppeteer/), giving you more flexibility to test across different browser environments.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We also recently landed support for [Playwright](/browser-rendering/platform/playwright/) in Browser Rendering for browser automation from Cloudflare [Workers](/workers/), in addition to [Puppeteer](/browser-rendering/platform/puppeteer/), giving you more flexibility to test across different browser environments.

Visit the [Browser Rendering docs](/browser-rendering/) to learn more about how to use headless browsers in your applications.
```
